Are my friends.
Let's see if Hugh managed to build and train on your own.
This logistic regression model by of course having a look at the cyclone documentation and more specifically
the cyclone API and by implementing the solution together.
This is exactly what we will do.
You know I will go right now to the documentation the cyclone api in order to show you how to indeed
find information on your own which is here how to build that logistic regression model.
All right let's do this.
Let's open a new tab here and in the search bar let's just type psych it learn perfect let's press enter
and let's go to the first link which is the main page of cyclone learn.
Then remember it's good to go to API here.
The other option was to directly type here in the search bar so I could learn logistic regression class.
Okay but I really want to show you again the API because indeed it contains everything you know all
the things you can do with cyclone.
So now we're going to scroll down to find classification which is in a module below called linear models.
Why is that.
That's because of course the logistic regression model is a linear model and we will clearly see that
at the end with the visualization you will clearly see you know how to make the difference between a
linear model and a non-linear moral.
So we'll come to that later but there you go.
This is where you find you know in that linear model module of the circular library all the Linear classifiers
and one of them is of course the logistic regression.
So we're going to click this and there you go here you have the whole documentation of the logistic
regression class you know this is the name of the class that allows to build the logistic regression
model.
And so that's all you needed to get and you could get exactly the same thing by just Tybee here in the
search bar psychically and logistic regression class.
You know you will end up in the same page.
So now what we will only take is you know the name of the class plus the module and if you want cycle
turn and then we will rewrite it the right way to import our class and then create the object.
All right so let's just copy this and then remember the center access to start with from.
So from cycled learn and then from the linear model module of psychic learn and from this linear model
module you import that logistic regression class.
All right so that's the usual syntax we take from the linear model module of the cycle learn library
we import the logistic regression class and now.
Now the next natural step is to create an object of this logistic regression class which will be exactly
the logistic regression model itself.
And since now we're in classification and no longer in regression.
Well we're gonna call our model classifier.
All right so let's do this classifier and that's how we'll call all our other classification models
of this part 3.
So classifier and then you know the next step we have to call the class.
That's how we create an instance of a class.
There we go.
And then we add some parenthesis.
And now the question is do we have to input any parameters.
Well so far we would just like to build the logistic regression model but then don't worry in part 10.
I will teach you how to tune your models which consists of you know choosing the optimal values of your
parameters in order to take the best version of a model but this will come later in part in so far.
Let's just focus on how to build and train the simple logistic regression model which will yet provide
amazing results.
All right.
So no parameters here however we'll just you know enter this random state parameter which will allow
us to get the same results displayed on our notebooks so this is just for teaching purposes you don't
have to do it on your own data sets for your own problems.
All right so random state and we'll set that equal to zero.
Perfect.
And now final step.
You know what you have to do right.
We have to take first are a classifier and then.
Well now what we want to do is to train our classifier on the training set.
Because remember that this line of code only builds the logistic regression model but doesn't train
it yet.
And this next line of code is indeed the final step where we train our classifier on the training set
and remember to do this we have to call the fit method which takes as input to entities you know two
sets of data the first one is the matrix of features of the training set and the second one is the dependent
variable vector of the training set where of course all the purchase decisions of the dependent variable
vector correspond to the same customers of the matrix of features all right.
So what we had to input here was simply X train for the matrix of features of the training set and then
why train for the dependent viable vector of the same training set.
And there you go my friends.
Congratulations.
If you obtained this and also congratulations if you tried because indeed that's how you build the logistic
regression model.
So there you go.
That's one extra machinery moral in your tool kit and you're gonna have many more.
And don't worry I will train you on how to select the best one for any data set.
Okay.
Great.
So let's run this cell.
This will indeed build and train the logistic regression model on your training set composed of extreme
NY train and here by the way you see all the parameters of the logistic regression all which you can
tune the most famous one to see which is the inverse of the regularization strength meaning that the
smaller you see the stronger will be the regularization and therefore the more it will protect you from
over fitting.
Right here will just keep the default value of one.
And there you go.
We're ready to move onto the next step.
Predicting a new result.
And so now new exercise for you because we already did it with regression.
I taught you before how to you know take your regrets her and then go to predict method to predict the
result of a single observation.
And so here the exercise that I would like you to do is to predict the poor chaste decision of a single
result you know the purchase decision of a single customer.
And I will tell you which one I would like you to predict the chaste decision of the first customer
in the test set who you will see is 30 years old and earns an estimated salary of eighty seven thousand
dollars.
So I would like you to take these two inputs you know these two features with these values 30 years
old and eighty seven thousand dollars at the estimated salary.
And now I would like you to predict whether this customer has but yes or no.
The SUV you have the answer in white sense you know you take the first result why test and thus you'll
be able to compare your prediction to the real result to figure out whether your prediction was correct.
And so there you go please do the exercise please try to do this on your own first before we do it together
in the next story or please predict the purchase decision of that first customer of the test and we
will of course implement the solution in the next tutorial.
Until then enjoy machine learning.